Retire Duplicate Documentation (#4341)
dotnet/diagnostics: documentation/design-docs/dotnet-tools.md

> The newest documentation is now maintained at [dotnet-trace](https://github.com/dotnet/docs/blob/a201d22d8c33fcb77af093edb96d0fe669e0e491/docs/core/diagnostics/dotnet-trace.md), [dotnet-counters](https://github.com/dotnet/docs/blob/a201d22d8c33fcb77af093edb96d0fe669e0e491/docs/core/diagnostics/dotnet-trace.md), [dotnet-dump](https://github.com/dotnet/docs/blob/a201d22d8c33fcb77af093edb96d0fe669e0e491/docs/core/diagnostics/dotnet-dump.md), [dotnet-gcdump](https://github.com/dotnet/docs/blob/a201d22d8c33fcb77af093edb96d0fe669e0e491/docs/core/diagnostics/dotnet-gcdump.md), [dotnet-dsrouter](https://github.com/dotnet/docs/blob/a201d22d8c33fcb77af093edb96d0fe669e0e491/docs/core/diagnostics/dotnet-dsrouter.md), [dotnet-monitor](https://github.com/dotnet/docs/blob/a201d22d8c33fcb77af093edb96d0fe669e0e491/docs/core/diagnostics/dotnet-monitor.md), [dotnet-symbol](https://github.com/dotnet/docs/blob/a201d22d8c33fcb77af093edb96d0fe669e0e491/docs/core/diagnostics/dotnet-symbol.md), [dotnet-sos](https://github.com/dotnet/docs/blob/a201d22d8c33fcb77af093edb96d0fe669e0e491/docs/core/diagnostics/dotnet-sos.md). This documentation is no longer being updated.

Reviewer: This is a design spec rather than user-education (our docs aren't always very clear who the intended audience is). We might continue to update this doc as we add new tools features. I'd suggest text like:
```suggestion
For the latest public documentation on using dotnet-* diagnostic tools see [dotnet-trace](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/diagnostics/dotnet-trace), [dotnet-counters](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/diagnostics/dotnet-counters), [dotnet-dump](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/diagnostics/dotnet-dump), [dotnet-gcdump](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/diagnostics/dotnet-gcdump), [dotnet-dsrouter](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/diagnostics/dotnet-dsrouter), [dotnet-monitor](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/diagnostics/dotnet-monitor), [dotnet-symbol](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/diagnostics/dotnet-symbol), [dotnet-sos](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/diagnostics/dotnet-sos).
```
